- That looks good.
- I'd like to see the last five text messages you've sent.
- Excuse me?
- My phone number? Then I want yours too.
- No way. No, I refuse.
- I sent a text to my sister.
- And what's her number?
- I can't give you her number. Certainly not!
- I can't do that without her permission.
- Where were you at 8 p.m. yesterday?
- I was at my parents' house.
- Can I have their number?
- No.
- Hi. I'm coming with you to see where you're going.
- What? Okay. This is a bit strange.
- We're going that way.
- Okay. Fine.
- That will be 13 kroner. And your phone number, please.
- Why?
- That's standard. So we can provide a better service.
- I'd rather not.
- Then your e-mail address?
- No, just give me my roll.
- Where were you at 8 p.m. yesterday?